I aim to become a rising star in 3D Computer Vision and Physical AI !!!

I am pursuing M.Sc.(Computer Vision & AI) at Yeungnam University (YU) as GKS Scholar, funded by Global Korea Scholarship (GKS), NIIED as well as additional funding by RLRC & RISE projects (Industry Collaboration). I joined the Advanced Visual Intelligence Lab under the supervision of Prof. Sungho Kim .

My current research interests strongly lie in 3D computer vision & spatial reasoning, 6D pose estimation, vision-language-action(VLAs) & world models, test-time-adaptation, efficient post-training to leverage physical AI & embodied AI.

Prior to joining YU MS degree, I have completed 1 year Korean Language & Literature degree by KLI,YU & achieved Intermediate level in Korean Language, under the GKS program. As well, I worked 1 year in WCSP Lab as a full time Research Assistant at National Tsing Hua University,Taiwan. I conducted research on ML and Privacy Preserving and helped the supervisor, lab members in the research works. And so, I obtained my B. Tech degree as SII Scholar from the School of Electronics Engineering, Major of Electronics and Electrical Engineering , Kalinga Institute Of Industrial Technology (KIIT) where I conducted research in Image Processing & Machine Learning under the supervision of Prof. Jitendra Kumar Das . I also had the opportunity to work as a machine learning intern at IIT, Roorke, where I focused on developing image processing and feature extraction algorithms for biomedical signals.
